hello I'm dr. Nielsen the one-of-a-kind
soldier that brings you this message
today I'm going to check little guys
house don't forget sprinkles world what
dr. beanson I can find some things about
myself of yours all right little guy in
dr. beanson Bob the Tomato again before
I can watch video clip on my mega video
clip player
rock beats scissors I guess it was you
off we didn't agree to that only one of
us could win oh gosh let's see what you
see when you get your dog and what about
you co manager whatever take enjoy the
underground and that's all of today how
did you make the player it starts that
I'm bored with my video clips then I
have an idea me and my clones want to
make a new player then rainbow little
guy made our Recovery Center
that makes greeny Michael player
destroyed and recovers then well what
are you waiting for
I liked it too greeny phatom 2009 made
us in 2006 the show started in 1995 be
back until next time folks and see the
filming credits